# Mentor Meeting on 2/23/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/2/23/17:32

## Meeting End Time

2023/2/23/18:22

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Jay, Jake, Chandler, Robert D, Robert M, Colin

## Minute Recorder

Jay

## Topics Discussed

* Went over what Jake added so far and what he changed about the UI
* Colin said he liked what we got going on so far this iteration
* Discussed how we can't get scopes for open IDs for other users other than team
* Discussed how I was locked out of my account for the software and Colin made me a new username
* Jake worked on modularizing front-end for easier reading
* Chandler streamed his screen and we went over migrations for our project
* Discussed back-end and Colin helped add configurations to the project

## Things Clarified

* Should be meeting with us while we meet with client next week
